Mr. Lin, save me, the useless Zhang Zhenhai
Beating a dog depends on the owner
Mr. Lin, this is my place
You just stormed in like this
I'm afraid it's against the rules
You deserve to tell me the rules
Mr. Lin
This is the man who just slandered that you were about to kill him.
You are teaching me to do things
Small dare not
The little one dare not roll
Yo, hey, go down and wait for me
I catch up with him
Then be careful
Don't worry, people who can do business in this world
Haven't been born yet
My good friend
Long time no see.
Lin Fan, why didn't I think of it?
It was you who betrayed Long Ying Wei back then
Betrayal
I've sworn since the day my sister died
I will kill you in the capital
I swear I'm not a man
So it's because of your sister's death
You're mad at me
Otherwise, you lost the treasure in that war
I thought Lord Sage would blame
I didn't expect you to escape
Your sister was on a mission back then
It was unfortunate to die
I'll shut up and wait until I kill you trash
Helped Western medicine destroy the bones
You actually took refuge in Aunt West
So what?
Si Jingchen handed over the jade chop